At this point, there are two ways we could move forward on our order service.
We can either start to take a look at how we're going to publish some events around orders and listen
or subscribe to events coming in as well.
The other direction we can move is to focus first on all of our different route handlers.
We're going to first implement these route handlers and then we're going to come back to all the event
related stuff.
The reason for that is that we still have not really done a deep dive on how we design different events,
how we communicate them across different services, and how we effectively think about the flows of
a event through our application.
So I really want to put together all these different route handlers first, and once we have all that
completed, well then have to really complete services.
The ticket service and the order service that need to have a really solid exchange of data through the
eventing system.
So at that point, we can have a really deep dive and understand how to get these things to work together
effectively.
Now having said that, we still have this comment inside of our new handler, and I would definitely
not want to forget that we need to come back here and eventually publish an event.
So as a kind of reminder for that, I'm going to go back over to the test file that we were just working
on.
And at the very bottom, I'm going to add in a new test right here, and I'm going to mark it as a test
that we need to come back and write.
So I'm going to write out it to do.
Emits and order related event.
If I now save this file with that dot to do on there and go back over to my terminal.
You'll notice that that test is now showing up with this little special purple font.
And we are also being told there's one to do.
So this is just to remind us that we need to come back to the new root handler and add in that root
or see the order created event.
Okay.
So that looks good.
So we will come back to all the event related stuff once these handlers are put together.
The next root handler we're going to put together is the index root handler.
So with this index handler, we want to find all the different orders related to the user who is making
the request and just return them.
That is pretty much it.
So let's give this a shot.
To get started inside my roots directory.
I'm going to find the index file.
We've already got some stuff inside of here.
So all we really have to do is add in a couple of different imports, wire up middleware to and then
add in some code to fetch all the related orders and send them back.
This route handler is going to be pretty simple in nature, so let's just get to it right away.
The first thing we want to do here is to make sure that a user is logged in if they want to access this
route.
Handler orders are tied to very specific users and we only want a user to see the orders that they have
created.
So it definitely makes sense to say that you should only be able to access this handler if you are authenticated.
So with that mind at the very top, we'll get started by importing require off from.
Our common library.
And then add that as a middleware like so.
Then if we get inside the body of this request handler, we're definitely going to want to run some
kind of query over our order collection and find all the different orders that belong to this user.
To run that query, we're definitely going to have to import our order model at the top of the file.
So I will import order from.
Up one directory models.
Order.
Then inside of here, right above the resort sent.
Let's do a orders and we will run our query.
So to run the query, we're going to write out order, find.
And then inside of an object, we're going to put in the criteria of what orders we want to search for.
You'll recall that all of our different orders store a user ID property, and that user ID is the idea
of the user who owns this order.
So we're going to do a query.
And try to find all the orders where the user ID is equal to the ID of the user who just made our request.
And remember, we are setting all that current user stuff and making sure that is available on the request
through the required auth and the current user middleware.
So we should be able to do REC current user exclamation ID.
So that will get us all our orders now for each of the orders that we fetch.
We probably want to also include the ticket that the order is for.
So in other words, we should probably make sure we somehow fetch the ticket and get its title and its
price and so on, and send those back along with it.
We're going to do so using that populate system in Mongoose.
You recall that we took a look at how to fetch a particular order and also simultaneously load up the
ticket associated with them.
All we have to do is chain on to the end of this query.
A dot populate ticket.
That's it.
So once we get that list of orders, pretty simple.
We'll just send it back.
So resend and I'll send back the orders.
And that should be it.
All right.
So let's save this once again.
We probably need to make sure that we write out a test to make sure that this works as expected.
Again, we don't have any code inside of our project right now around creating a ticket.
So the only way that we can really simulate or test this stuff is through a automated test.
So we're going to write out a test to create maybe one or two orders and assign tickets to both them
and then make a request and just make sure that we get the list of orders tied to the user and the associated
tickets.
So let's put that test together in just a moment.